Web Application Attacks
In this module, we will focus on the
identification and exploitation of common
web application vulnerabilities.
Web applications can be written
in a variety of programming languages
and frameworks,
each of which can introduce
specific types of vulnerabilities.
However, the most common vulnerabilities
are similar in concept,
regardless of the underlying
technology stack.
Although the complexity of
vulnerabilities and attacks vary,
we will demonstrate the
exploitation of several
common web application vulnerabilities
listed in the OWASP Top 10 list.
These attack vectors will serve
as the basic building blocks
used to construct more advanced attacks.